docs for migration to apiVersion networking.k8s.io v1 (#7524)
kubernetes/ingress-nginx: docs/index.md

## Getting Started

See [Deployment](./deploy/) for a whirlwind tour that will get you started.

> 

Reviewer: This extra line can be removed

Author: removed line below "getting started"

# Migration to apiVersion networking.k8s.io/v1

- Please read this [official blog on deprecated ingress api versions](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2021/07/26/update-with-ingress-nginx/) If you are using ingress objects in your pre K8s v1.22 cluster, and you upgrade to K8s v1.22, then this document may be relevant to you.

- Please read this [official documentation on the IngressClass object](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/#ingress-class)

> ## What is ingressClass and why is it important for users of the Ingress-Nginx-Controller now ?

Reviewer: Can we call it only "Ingress NGINX"?

Author: Changed all instances to Ingress-NGINX

> IngressClass is a kubernetes resource. See the description below.

Reviewer: Kubernetes (upper case)

Author: Changed to uppercase

> Its important because until now, a default install of the Ingress-Nginx-Controller did not require a ingressClass object. But with the new edition of the Ingress-Nginx-Controller releases, a ingressclass object is required.

Reviewer: an ingressClass

Also, same comment about standardizing to Ingress NGINX

Author: Added an and changed to Ingress-NGINX

                                                                                     
   kind <string>                                                                     
     Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object                                
     represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits                          
     requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info:            
     https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds

   metadata     <Object>                           
     Standard object's metadata. More info:                                                           
     https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata

   spec <Object>                                   
     Spec is the desired state of the IngressClass. More info:                                        
     https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status`
```

## What has caused this change in behaviour ?

There are 2 reasons primarily.

> (Reason #1) Until K8s version 1.21, it was was possible to create a ingress resource, with the "apiVersion:" field set to a value like ;

Reviewer: an ingress resource

  - extensions/v1beta1
  - networking.k8s.io/v1beta1

    (You would get a message about deprecation but the ingress resource would get created.)

From K8s version 1.22 onwards, you can ONLY set the "apiVersion:" field of a ingress resource, to the value "networking.k8s.io/v1". The reason is [official blog on deprecated ingress api versions](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2021/07/26/update-with-ingress-nginx/).

(Reason #2) When you upgrade to K8s version v1.22, while you are already using the Ingress-Nginx-Controller, there are several scenarios where the old ingress objects will not work. Read this FAQ to check which scenario matches your use case.

## What is ingressClassName field ?

> IngressClassName is the name of the IngressClass cluster resource. The associated IngressClass defines which controller will implement the resource. This replaces the deprecated `kubernetes.io/ingress.class` annotation. For backwards compatibility, when that annotation is set, it must be given precedence over this field. The controller may emit a warning if the field and annotation have different values. Implementations of this API should ignore Ingresses without a class specified. An IngressClass resource may be marked as default, which can be used to set a default value for this field.

Reviewer: But still, we don't use ingressClass annotation before the field, so we should maybe raise an issue to change this (actually I think there is an issue for that, we should move forward with that in v1.0.1)

Author: ok. I am not sure if this is a blocker. I will not change anything here as I am not sure what is appropriate. But will wait to know if you want to merge this as it is and change later or if you want to change anything here like a reference to the issue.

Reviewer: I think we should right now remove this, otherwise users will be confused. Just say that the spec.ingressClassName behavior have precedence over annotation :)

Author: Changed. Please check latest push

- Ingress-Nginx-IngressClass-2 with .spec.controller equals to "k8s.io/ingress-nginx2"
When deploying your ingress controllers, you will have to change the `--controller-class` field as follows:

Ingress-Nginx-Controller-nginx1 with `k8s.io/ingress-nginx1`
Ingress-Nginx-Controller-nginx2 with `k8s.io/ingress-nginx2`
Then, when you create an Ingress Object with IngressClassName = `ingress-nginx2`, it will look for controllers with `controller-class=k8s.io/ingress-nginx2` and as `Ingress-Nginx-Controller-nginx2` is watching objects that points to `ingressClass="k8s.io/ingress-nginx2`, it will serve that object, while `Ingress-Nginx-Controller-nginx1` will ignore the ingress object.

Bear in mind that, if your `Ingress-Nginx-Controller-nginx2` is started with the flag `--watch-ingress-without-class=true`, then it will serve ;
- objects without ingress-class
- objects with the annotation configured in flag `--ingress-class` and same class value
- and also objects pointing to the ingressClass that have the same .spec.controller as configured in `--controller-class`

## Why is the ingressClassResource disabled by default in the helm chart ?

> - If this field is set to enabled value and there are existing ingress objects in the cluster, then the existing ingress objects will not be honored and only any new ingress object yo ucreate will inherit the ingressClass value.

Reviewer 2: same typo 😅 
```suggestion
- If this field is set to enabled value and there are existing ingress objects in the cluster, then the existing ingress objects will not be honored and only any new ingress object you create will inherit the ingressClass value.
```

Author: my bad. i assumed. fixed it
